>> Jupiter and Neptune will
be in conjunction in Pisces.
This has not happened
in more than 160 years.
What this means for
humanity and the planet--
>> There's going to be a lot
of love in the atmosphere.
>> Plus, how you should
greet this cosmic phenomenon.
This is Gaia News.
Jupiter and Neptune will
soon be in conjunction,
where the planets appear
to be close to each other
when observed from Earth.
And they will be in
Pisces, something
we have not seen since 1856.
Astrologer Mercedes
Arnus Arraut,
on what this means to us.
>> Jupiter is the planet of
news, of knowledge, of media.
And Neptune is the planet of
spirituality, of higher realms,
higher dimensions,
of the ethereal,
things that you cannot
explain, the mystical.
Something very interesting is
that Pisces, the constellation
where both Jupiter
and Neptune unite,
is the realm of both
Jupiter and Neptune.
Because before Neptune
was discovered,
the Pisces constellation
was ruled by Jupiter.
So the fact that these
both celestial bodies
unite in both of their
realms, in Pisces,
it's a very redundant energy,
where this mystical Pisces
energy is going to be
blooming all of our lives.
>> This conjunction is in
April, but we may be feeling
the effects now.
>> So the time this conjunction
peaks is in the middle
of April.
This doesn't mean we're only
going to feel it in April.
Because starting the
Piscean month, which
starts the 18th
of February, we're
going to be having a
boom of Pisces energy.
Because the sun is
going to be walking
towards this constellation,
throughout this constellation,
and highlighting the energy
of both Jupiter and Neptune
in Pisces.
So starting the 18th of
February, closer to this date,
we're already going to be
experiencing a big, big peak.
And it's not going to be
till the end of April,
when we see this energy
soothing a little bit more.
But something very
beautiful that the Piscean
energy is bringing is healing.
It's understanding your wounds,
understanding what hurts
or what has hurt
you in the past,
and finding a guide, a
path towards healing,
towards understanding, and
having a big compassion
for you, for your evolution,
for everyone around you,
for those who hurt you.
And it's filling your heart
with such a high vibration
that you can experience
the love, second chances,
second opportunities.
And it's sort of like
coming back to life,
because you have a second chance
at love, and life, at work,
because you reach another
state of consciousness.
And that is the most beautiful
way to put this energy.
So try to stay on the
positive side of Pisces.
>> How do we stay on the
positive side of Pisces
and experience
this healing power?
>> This conjunction wants
to make humanity aware that
there's a world under the sea.
There's the world of
consciousness under the sea.
And under the sea means
also in our inner waters,
our inner emotions.
And it's a way of
humanity seeing how waters
are so important in our lives.
And with that our
inner waters as well,
our inner emotions, our tears.
It's going to be a very, very
sensitive few months, for sure.
So the way to handle this is
expressing, chanting, singing,
connecting with
the Pisces energy
in a much more conscious,
a lot more beautiful--
its higher state.
Because Pisces is the energy of
the highest form of creativity,
the highest and most
beautiful state of love.
So there's going to be a lot
of love in the atmosphere
if you vibe with that aspect
or higher state of the Piscean
energy.
>> As the planets
move into conjunction,
Mercedes also recommends
journaling your dreams every
morning, getting
out into nature,
and tapping into your
Piscean creative energy.
For a new perspective,
this is Gaia News.
For more information
on this topic,
check out this content on Gaia.